W-14078975-Partner Manager v2.17 doc edits (#216)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/x12-identity-settings.adoc

|Setting |Description |Required

|Identifier Value

> |The AS2 identity for your partner. Your partner should supply you with corresponding to the Sender/Receiver AS2 identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The AS2 identity for your partner. Your partner should supply you with the value of the corresponding Sender/Receiver AS2 identity.
```

Reviewer: ?
